Vespertine
April 23rd, 2007

At the edge of the City, there isn't much to keep anyone from falling
off. Staring into the blue, Vespertine realizes he could be suffering
from deep thought again. Looking down at the crumbled corner of
asphalt that breaks away into the cliff face that constitues the end
of RavenBlack City and the beginning of nothing, one can't help but
think of what it means to them. The City. 

Looking back up into the sky, the clouds slowly drift to the east. The
moon is so serene. A perfect crescent. It's very bright and, oddly
enough, it brings a certain warmth to such a cold place as this.

There isn't much up here, at the corner above Zestless and 1st street.
It's like, one slab of black asphalt that's crumbling away, like the
cliff is eating it away. Beneath that, coming out of the side of the
cliff is a single Weeping Willow that seems to hold all the sorrow of
the City within it's sap. There's some rocks, broken glass...

Pretty much everything you'd never need for anything. Aside from the
two other Vampires currently residing within the block, the location
is very scarce. Right away, three questions ring into Vespertine's
head. 'Who are they? Why are they here? What are they like?' ... What
are they all about, where are they on their separate paths through
this world? Ves' gaze focuses on the stronger of the two, he can see
the mark of Stamina on ... AllyAmour.

All his deep thinking and bordem take the backseat as he finds
something new to play with. Thoughts of 'The Next Big Adventure' and
finding a cure to being bored fade away.

The name comes to him after focusing on her for mere seconds. She has
Second-Sight and hasn't finished learning Theivery. All signs of a
young age. She's got a long lineage connecting her to Dark Mooncalf,
Xeneri and finally, RavenBlack, eventhough they were all three
generations from her Sire, xandra.

'What could she be doing here?' Vespertine thinks to himself as he
studies her from the outside. "The same thing as me?" he asks her
sleeping vessel. Looking at her like a mystery, Ves has to know the
truth. It'll keep his mind busy, trying to solve her, figuring it out.

Besides, what else is there to do?

~`Vespertine Lokason
Yggdrasil
