Vespertine
May 10th, 2007

After waking up and remembering that he promised to meet Porny
tonight, the first thing Ves did was Second-Sight her, getting a clear
view of her surroundings. Once mastered, the power of locate never
lies. The tricky part was figuring out which train station to take.

Biting tasty humans was becoming more and more of a distraction
recently... Have two or twelve in a night was overlooked. Going from
thieving more to drinking more wasn't all that smart but, it was
irresistable. Passing Carter's Tavern, Vespertine has to stop and
think about buying a blood. 

Getting off at Euterpe Station and heading west, Vespertine finds
himself at Pazuzu's graveyard, faced with the grim reality of death.
Immeditely the quote, "You can die but you're never dead." reminds
Vesp of the infinite possibilites of existance alongside the infinite
plateaus of it. "But," Ves thinks, "Perhaps it's a comfort thing."

Taking a bite from everyone in the graveyard, he's onto the next
place. The COVE looks great, eventhough all the vampires with weird
names asleep out front. Vesp thinks names are extraordinary. Names
like... Yvael, or Oshiruko, or Parabellum. He takes a bite of each and
tries not to let his thoughts hold him up too long.

There are mucho vampires out tonight, doing their dirty deeds of a dim
day. Some big, some small, some yellow blue and pink. Vespertine
ignores them all, only paying mind to the tasty humans inbetween.
Arriving at Eagle and 63rd, Porny is nowhere to be found.

What went wrong? This was the very place that Ves saw when he
Second-Sighted her. Just then he realized she was lost in shadows...
"Porny!" he cried out into the night, "Porny! I'm here! Wake up and
come out!"

After calling out, the only thing he could do was wait. Sit and wait
there until she wakes up. Finding himself a comfortable spot on the
corner of Eagle and 63rd, Vespertine closes one eye and goes to sleep.

~`Vespertine Lokason
~ Y

Dawn (PurpleUnicorn)
May 10th, 2007

Porny, speaking with her papa telepathically, hears her beloved
calling to her. She finishes with her sire and returns to where she
had fallen into shadows. Opening her eyes, she sees Vespers starting
to fall asleep, and quietly goes over to where he is waiting for her,
bends down and lightly kisses him. *Hello beloved. I am here and
awake. I was just talking with papa about us. Now, wake up and tell me
what you would like to do from here.*

She smiles at him awaiting his answer.

PurpleUnicorn
Antons Childer

-- The Scroll of Accounting (was Lost in Shadows) --

Vespertine
May 14th, 2007

Just as Ves wakes up, a piece of newspaper clobbers his face... It
headlines a new item in the city having the ability to keep track of a
citizen's bank statement. Thinking of how great an idea that is, he
moves to purchase one immediately. The smell of human flesh is never
far away when you're near Melpomene so, it doesn't take long for Ves
to shake a shop location out of one of his victims.

When Vespertine arrives at Discount Magic, it's packed. The shop isn't
full but, he knew it would be soon. Checking a map, the nearest bank
was only seven moves away. Taking note of the item's price, he darts
to the bank to get the cash and when he gets back, pow. Discount Magic
is full. 

It's okay though because aside from having Surprise, Vespertine knew
some of the Vampires inside the shop very well... A couple were family
members. After a few short chats and a telepathic message to Callisto,
he decides to step outside the shop and take a rest in the comfort of
night. Little did he know that when he woke up, the shop would be gone. 

Callisto, SlickChick, Lady What The and persephone had all bitten him
while he slept. Anton Dameon, Porny's Sire, would be sitting with him
and Rose Bliven would be across the street on her skates. Satisfied
with the fact that it wasn't anything bad or weird, Ves convinces
himself to go on a final prowl for the night, in search of blood.

~`Vespertine Lokason
~ Porny's Lost Boy
~Yggdrasil
