Vermathrax-Rex
Message 1 of 20 , Sep 23, 2006

*tv's flare into life all over the city. when the snow clears, two 
figures stand looking at the camera.*

We, the official wayward sons of Capadocious make the following 
announcement.
It has come to our attention that Capadocious has left the city-thus 
leaving a hole in the power structure of this city-namely an active 
prince.
We, Satori and Vermathrax, do feel that at this time-leaving this 
vital post open may lead to all sorts of problems within the system 
of government active in this city.
So we make the following proclomations.
That the title of 'prince' shall be shared in two halves between us. 
Sartori shall rule as prince of the parts of the city more familiar 
to the influence and power of Capadocious while Vermathrax shall be 
prince of the outer reaches who have been in the past more resitant 
to Cap's authority.
Two rulers-two halves of the city. Finally united under joint 
leadership.
We don the crowns and shake hands in a visual sign of co-operation 
and unity. Let all who oppose this action be ignored.
(we did it first-you jealous cause you didn't think of it. so there! 
Nyahhha!)

as proclaimed by

Sartori- Prince of the Inner Reaches

and

Vermathrax- Prince of the Outer Reaches

*tvs fuzz back out and become silent again*

Sade
Message 2 of 20 , Sep 23, 2006

Reaching the contents of his stomach upon the ground Sade heard the proclamation
the mirth of such a thought made him weep
"Oh my you two are funny, still such a lofty idea can only be good"
wiping his mouth and smiling 
"here's to the twin reaching princes"

Sade (Shadowsshade)
Ward of the Wolf Etain
SIE
Hesus now and forever

Vermathrax-Rex
Message 3 of 20 , Sep 24, 2006

*TV fuzzes back into life*

I do not think it is the issue of ruling here. While the rest of the 
city laughed or wept-all saying 'I am sooooo gonna miss you, Cap!'. 
We acted. We saw a hole in the power base, dove for it and grabbed at 
the prize. I think Cap himself would have been proud of us-
considering it is a move he would have done himself. The rest of you 
were asleep at the switch-we weren't. The debate begins, but-we were 
here first.

*TV fuzzes off*

Vermathrax

art lascaux
Message 4 of 20 , Sep 25, 2006

*TV fuzzes back into life*

So it is! We now have 2 Princes of RBC. We also have
Ravenblack who holds the position of God. It has
occurred to me that the position of King of RBC has
never been claimed. In the spirit of adverse
possession over that domain and title, a King has
taken that position. Let us all bow to the new king,
Mr Strappy.

Although he hides in shadows now to avoid the
paparazzi, he promises that no amount of holy water or
garlic spray will make him abdicate his throne.

Some might say, "He is nothing but a red herring." 
Though you may think that something smells fishy, it
is as stated. You may think of him as just a
substitute for the one who is holding the strings, or
straps or w/e.

I for one am glad to see that he has made himself
available to the city and in time I am sure he will
find his way into the hearts of well over half its
population.

This is just a warning for those that refuse to accept
him. Don't turn your back on him. You may be in for
a very big surprise.

*TV fuzzes off*

Art Lascaux
SIE

Leilani G.
Message 5 of 20 , Sep 25, 2006

Passing by a local appliance store, Enid spots the multiple television broadcasts in which princes and a king are proclaimed rulers of RavenBlack. Remembering nothing of the past, she scoffs at how rediculous they look. <i> How can one RULE an entire city?How can you control every beings movements and thoughts? You cannot possible think you can rule and be loved by everyone. Idle threats,</i> she thinks and crushes dead leaves under her boots as she walks away.

Hesu Shade
Message 6 of 20 , Sep 26, 2006

How can someone have so little a sense of humour?
 
Hesu


art lascaux
Message 9 of 20 , Sep 26, 2006

*TV fuzzes back into life*

A rather tall and slender figure stands erect behind
the microphone. "Please excuse my interruption. I
certainly know how this can spoil a mood, so for those
of you who were in the middle of something I am very
sorry. It has been brought to my attention that there
has been too many angry people speaking out trying to
hurt each other. This has to stop. I am making a new
law. It's called ' The Mr. Strappy Law of Happy'. 
It carries with it some stiff consequences for
offenders."

He shuffles to the next 3 by 5 card. "I am not an
accomplished pubic speaker." he pauses a moment and
reexamines his card. "Oh, sorry, that should be
public speaker. Please bare with me. This is just
the first of my appearances. I hope there will be a
lot more coming. Thank you."

*TV fuzzes off*

Art Lascaux
SIE

Vespertine
Message 19 of 20 , Sep 28, 2006

Walking west on 40th street, on his way to the hall of severance,
Vespertine's attention is caught by a flickering Television set inside
a glass window of some restaurant. He recognizes Sartori standing with
someone else he can't quite recall and they're both proclaiming to be
the new active princes of RavenBlack City. They deliver a message
about how Sartori's prevailing over one half of the City, while
Vermathrax will prevail over the other side. 

Standing there in the dark, cold, unchanging night.. Vespertine spits
on the damp pavement, curling his lips into a smirk. 

"What the hell does saying anything change?" The young-vamp can't help
but think to himself aloud in the midst of the cold, tranquil night.

~`Vespertine Who?
That kid that stole
from you last night

Spookie Lokason - de Furie
Message 20 of 20 , Sep 28, 2006

Spookie sits on a couch in her bedroom at the Chateau DeFurie -
staring blankly at the television going through the channels when a
familiar face suddenly appears on the screen.. followed by another
even more familiar face.

Spookie grins mischeviously at them both.. 

"Better not dissappoint me.." She smiles and leans back on the couch
twirling the remote in her hand. "If you're going to do this.. you
need to shock the system." She grins wide.. "Now.. shock the system,
or fail like Cap did." She concentrates and speaks to both princes at
the same time.

"I am waiting.." She says.. then closes the TV.

-Spookie Lokason - DeFurie
The Black Widow
+Yggdrasil+
