Vespertine
December 18th, 2010

Vespertine's heart sank into his coffin despite being a few thousand pints lighter. Every time he closed his eyes to sleep, images of familiar faces taunted his mind. First he sees Jauk, his Sire, smiling bright and clear as day walking slowly toward him. The sight of her is comforting to him and Ves smiles back, but as he does, Jauk cants her head to the side before her face turns to a look of hatred and she screams "DIE!" as a vial of Holy Water flies from her hands and breaks against his chest. 

Suddenly, Ves imagines himself surrounded by every member of Ygg and RoR. They're all circling around him, hissing like cats and pouring their Holy Water at his feet. His blood curdled and he could feel his veins rejecting the very liquid coursing through them. Opening his eyes, the darkness inside his coffin washed away the confusion lingering within. 

The Halls never seemed more ominous to him than they did now, a storm brewing overhead and rain falling like tears from the heavens. The priest was faceless and silent. His blade was divine and holy. Vespertine presented the coins without explanation, they spoke for themselves on nights like these. The ritual was quick yet painful and after his blood had been spilt, he knew it was what had to be done.

Alexdoh was already waiting across the street, holding some coin and wearing a grin. As the next priest performed the binding ritual, Ves takes it upon himself to latch his fangs onto Alex's neck and sate his thirst. xxsacrificexx was the only witness they'd invited to the ceremony and it seemed like she enjoyed watching them enough to stay for the whole thing. 

Ves' smile fades as thoughts of Sam and Mushi cross his mind on the way home but, it's the sight of his coffin that sparks the memory of the nightmare he had. Taking the phone from his pocket, Vesper dials NN and tells himself to speak in the most polite tone possible.

"NN?"
"Yes?" she asked.
"See, I just didn't feel right hitting my Sire's clan so, I got a new Sire! You can put me back on your list, now."
"oooooooooookay ... so you are back in the legacy?"
"Yes. See you soon."
"Yep, you shall." she told him, and he knew she wasn't fucking joking.

~`Vespertine
Blood in
Blood out
The Legacy
