Vespertine
June 4th, 2010

Walking down Nightingale st; The sign on the corner of 69th street is bent to oneside, crooked on purpose even though nothing proved it was done by any living creature. Industrial steel doesn't bend on it's own but, the overgrown pine tree became the main culprit when two blue eyes settled upon their roots and traced them back to their over-sized stump, which peeled the sidewalk off of the earth and got under the very skin of the city. This is what threw off his whole night, and if it weren't this, it'd be something else.

Vespertine knelt down to the spot where the tree's roots clawed their way underneath the concrete surface. Reaching out with his right arm, he places his hand on a chunk of the crumbling concrete and mutter something about 'letting the damn thing breathe' as he tugs the molten rock off of the old tree. A huge piece comes off all at once, and Ves looks around to see if anyone had seen him deface all that public property or not; Thankfully no one had so, he placed the slab just out of the way. 

"There." Vesper said proudly, standing back in street-light of his achievement. "No; Here..." a voice crowed from the shadows, retched and raspy, just over his shoulder. As he turns around, there is nothing to be seen but a bare alley, some barrels of trash and a couple of rats, scampering between them. The same dark blue eyes that victimized that tree now hunt the darkness for ... Whatever the hell that was...

One foot in front of the other, one street lamp fades out and darkness wraps it's loving arms around Vespertine before they release him to yet another one of the endless lamps that adorn this dim city. Down the alleyway he goes, pursuing a voice, perhaps... in his own mind. Those eyes soak up the glow of the eve, the rats are tearing apart what appears to have been a black cat, a homeless man lay asleep, halfway inside a tin can.

Further down the alleyway music cannot be mistaken alongside the sounds of laughter and frolic as the eyes peer into a narrow slit of light radiating out of a cracked tavern back-door. A man with a badge of some sort could be seen spilling his guts all over the floor, shattering his mug on a table, then proceeding to pass out on the ground. Three bar-maidens clean out his pockets before picking him up to toss him through the backdoor and into the alleyway where they dust off their hands and have a look around to be sure no one has seen them earn their week's pay in one night.

No time to stand around for theatrics; Ves is halfway down the boulevard, whistling into the breeze before stopping cold in his tracks to stare at a flower ...

~`V
