Vespertine
December 6th, 2010

A single voice had led him here but it was the collection of voices that kept him. Some were saying a lot and it's not like they were just 'anybody'; These were some you'd know just by the sound of their names.

Vespertine leaned against a stone pillar, listening intently and watching closely all the mingling vampires congregate, all the while reading a newspaper. The RBB, printed black on gray, from recycled paper. As he stood there, a new section was filled in by the ink. The names in the article are what caught his eyes because they were names he knew. As he read on, it became clear that he had to do -something- about this. It never hurts to ask, right?

Rawnie was slicing her wrist open, which made him thirsty. After she hopped down from the table, Ves thought twice about doing the same on account of the last time he was on a table, instead of at one. Stepping forward, he crumbled the paper and threw it over his shoulder, into the fireplace. 

"So, it appears we've been challenged. Mushi has admitted to helping zero ophelia as well as making his plan 'public' to kill 12 ancients of the city or what he refers to as 'The 12 Pillars'; Capadocious, ophelia and even you, D, belong to the list of 6 that he named." Ves nodded to Vermathrax-rex in acknowledgement, a look of stern intent upon his pale young face.

"Galamushi hopes to gain control of the city by the end of next year. By means of all-out war he plans on demolishing any clan that opposes him. I say, we give him what he wants. Give him what we're all here for! War."

Vespertine snickers, feeling like he's stating the obvious, delightful truth. "Kill the entire Dawn family, for -all- our sake."

~`Vespertine Lokason
~Killer of Killers
~Drinker of Bloods
~War Child

Serena
Message 2 of 4 , Dec 6, 2010

Yeah, what he said. *points at Ves* By the way, hi Ves, how are things with you?

Serena Moon
2IC HoA
The Legacy

Minda Blake
Message 3 of 4 , Dec 6, 2010

Blood rushed to her ears at Rawnie's words, anger in the back of her mind, pushing its' way forward to show quite plainly on her face. She knew Rawnie was angry, and had every right to be... this was her FAMILY!     *breathe Minda* she reminded herself...
 
Before Vespertine began to speak, Minda knew what she had to do - for her family. Collecting herself she backed into the shadows, escapeing into the night to find the nearest store and stock-up, drinking the blood and stealing the purse of any vamp or human that stood in her way.....
 
 
-Minda Blake
Loyal daughter to Capadocious
Seriously pissed off red-head....


